Canvas docs revamp (#4362)
beeware/toga: docs/en/reference/api/data-representation/drawingaction.md

{{ component_header("DrawingAction") }}

> For many if not most applications, the interface documented for [Canvas](/reference/api/widgets/canvas.md) is sufficient. However, it is also possible to directly manipulate a Canvas's stored instructions, thereby modifying the results in a nonlinear fashion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For many if not most applications, the interface documented for [Canvas](/reference/api/widgets/canvas.md) is sufficient. However, it is also possible to directly manipulate a Canvas's stored instructions, thereby modifying the results in a non-linear fashion.
```

```

When you save and then restore the state of the drawing context using a context manager (e.g., [`state()`][toga.Canvas.state], [`stroke()`][toga.Canvas.stroke], or [`fill()`][toga.Canvas.fill]), a new state object is created and inserted into the currently active state's `drawing_actions`. This is possible because `BaseState` is itself a subclass of `DrawingAction`.

Continuing from the previous example:

```python
with canvas.state():
    canvas.line_width = 10
    canvas.line_dash = [1, 2]

canvas.fill()

print(canvas.root_state.drawing_actions)
# [Rect(x=0, y=0, width=10, height=10),
#  Stroke(stroke_style=None, line_width=None, line_dash=None),
#  State(),
#  Fill(fill_rule=FillRule.NONZERO, fill_style=None)]
```

The actions corresponding to setting line width and line dash are contained inside the [`State()`][toga.widgets.canvas.State], like so:

```text
root_state ─┬─ Rect
            ├─ Stroke
            ├─ State ──┬─ SetLineWidth
            └─ Fill    └─ SetLineDash

```

Note that the the `Fill` isn't inside the `State`, because its method was called after the context manager exited.

## Accessing specific drawing actions

> A state's drawing actions are a list, and can be accessed using list syntax. For example, if you wanted to access the [`Fill`][toga.widgets.canvas.Fill] object in the previous example, you could say:

Reviewer 2: "Say" is an odd word to use here.

```suggestion
A state's drawing actions are a list, and can be accessed using list syntax. For example, if you wanted to access the [`Fill`][toga.widgets.canvas.Fill] object in the previous example, you could include:
```
